# OmniDoc
OmniDoc is an Android App that provides a solution to the situation if a patient is suffering from sudden unknown health issues, which appear to be small and reason behind it is unknown,via 
cost-effective and secure use of information and communication technologies in health sectors.Problems which appear to be small with unknown reasons, which may be risky to be ignored/ improperly treated can 
be resolved.E.g.- if one has a severe stomach ache at midnight in a remote village, instead of random remedies recommended by people around or Google, we can consult this app. The app would prove to be a boon to such patients living in remote areas and villages, as it brings the doctor's clinic on your fingertips. People of areas with no medical amenities can also avail cost-effective and quick consultation on a single tap.

The app would provide live online consultation with best doctors in the respective region, and home delivery of medicine, saving cost of commutation. Also, in future, we shall try to connect with eminent retired doctors, who would give prescriptions at reasonable fees, making app highly cost effective. Also, user shall get credit points on ordering medicines each time from OmniDoc, according to which he gets discount on purchase of medicines from OmniDoc, increasing cost effectiveness further.Option of using id instead of name in app ensures data security of patient’s health.Entire consultance history is known only between doctor and patient only. The app is easy to use:- as consultation, medicine delivery, phone to doctor in case of queries, ambulance call in case of emergency, all
at just a distance of a tap on your phone, without much use of internet, or prior appointments.Google maps to track nearest available hospital to admit patient in case of severe emergency case, nearest best doctor available and current location of arriving ambulance shall be unique feature of the app.Patient can call the doctor in case of any queries regarding prescription.Low internet usage and high data security is speciality of the app. The app basically allows the user to consult the doctor and order medicines. The main features include:- ability to choose the domain and chat with its specialist, make a voice or a video call with the same, call and track ambulance and order medicines online at discounts (credit point based).  

The app is built in Java, Firebase ,XML, RazorPay API, Google Maps API and other APIs on Android Studio 2021.2.1 IDE.Layouts are designed in XML, Firebase is used as database and backend is in java.
For the app to function properly, make sure that you are connected to internet.



